DISTPG-188 Readme file (#63)
percona/postgresql-docs: README.md

# Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL documentation.

Welcome to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL documentation!

## Overview

Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is a collection of tools to assist you in managing your PostgreSQL database system. It includes the upstream version of PostgreSQL and a selection of extensions that enable solving essential practical tasks efficiently.
 
This repository contains the source files for [Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.percona.com/doc/postgresql/11/index.html). The documentation is written in [reStructured text markup language](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/rst.html) and is created using [Sphinx Python Documentation Generator](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/). 

## Contributing

> We welcome all contributors. You can reach out to us using [forums](https://forums.percona.com/c/postgresql/25) and [Jira issue tracker](https://jira.percona.com/projects/DISTPG/issues/DISTPG-16?filter=allopenissues). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome all contributions. You can reach out to us using our [forums](https://forums.percona.com/c/postgresql/25) and [Jira issue tracker](https://jira.percona.com/projects/DISTPG/issues/DISTPG-16?filter=allopenissues). 
```

For how to contribute to documentation, read the [Contributing guide](https://github.com/percona/postgresql-docs/blob/11/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

> Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is licensed under the PostgreSQL license and the licenses of the components included in the distribution.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to also mention the license this documentation is under?

Reviewer 2: Definitely. We can either add it with this PR or create another one. 👍🏻

# Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL documentation.

Welcome to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL documentation!

## Overview

Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is a collection of tools to assist you in managing your PostgreSQL database system. It includes the upstream version of PostgreSQL and a selection of extensions that enable solving essential practical tasks efficiently.
 
This repository contains the source files for [Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.percona.com/doc/postgresql/11/index.html). The documentation is written in [reStructured text markup language](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/rst.html) and is created using [Sphinx Python Documentation Generator](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/). 

> ## Installation

Reviewer: I think this section should focus on this documentation, not so much about the actual distribution. So instead of installing, how about adding instructions on how to **build** the documentation locally?

Author: I have doc building instructions in the Contributing guide: https://github.com/percona/postgresql-docs/pull/57

Reviewer: In that case the `Installation` and `Submitting bug reports` could likely be removed, as the former one does not apply to the documentation and the latter is not applicable and somewhat redundant to what's written in the proposed `CONTRIBUTING.md`?

Consider reading this document as somebody who's interested in contributing to the content of **this repository** (the PG distribution documentation). Instructions on how to install or report bugs in the PG distribution should be included in the actual documentation instead.

Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is installed from Percona repositories. Follow the [installation instructions](https://www.percona.com/doc/postgresql/11/installing.html) in our documentation.

## Submitting bug reports

If you find a bug in Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL, you can submit a report to the project's [JIRA issue tracker](https://jira.percona.com/projects/DISTPG).

As a general rule of thumb, please try to create bug reports that are:

- Reproducible. Include steps to reproduce the problem.
- Specific. Include as much detail as possible: which version, what environment, etc.
- Unique. Do not duplicate existing tickets.
- Scoped to a Single Bug. One bug per report.

## Contributing

We welcome all contributions and are always looking for new members that are as dedicated to serving the community as we are. You can reach out to us using our [forums](https://forums.percona.com/c/postgresql/25) and [Jira issue tracker](https://jira.percona.com/projects/DISTPG/issues/DISTPG-16?filter=allopenissues). 

> Since we don't maintain code of Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL, please submit your code contributions upstream.

Reviewer: I would remove that sentence from this README, let's focus on instructions on how to contribute to this documentation.

Author: Removed
